I believe the gentleman in
the corner had a question.
>> Yeah, so you had us create
like a state and a data library.
Would you essentially, and if you're in
a large enterprise, create a state and
a data library for each domain you have?
So whether or
not you would create like a state and
a data library for every single domain,
I think it's really contextual
to the environment.
Again, if I was doing
a fairly small application,
I would have just a core state and
a core data.
But, especially with the CLI, it's very,
very easy to refactor through
promotion is that you're
just one command away from cutting
a new library and dropping that in.
Especially with the template wizard,
it's pretty easy and
one of the things that
we'll just see this theme
throughout the day is that, engineers and
I think there's a part when
you come to a coding workshop
it's like show me how the code works and
there is that but
I think more importantly
is that at this level,
it's examining how we think about code.
And so that is that's a great question,
do we have a separate data
in state library for every kind of
entity in the domain or every domain,
and in this case we have a domain
with kind of a single entity in it,
and for the sake of this exercise, yes.
>> Do the nouns need plural?
Or do the nouns need to be plural,
like users-data or
workshop-data where they
list multiple things?
>> So typically I make them plural
because I believe that encapsulates
a collection of the thing and
so there's some weird ones.
Like obviously I wouldn't do logins data.
So there's somewhere semantically it
doesn't make sense again, you want your
code to be really self-documenting and
reflective of your reality.
But i would say if you were
dealing with a single user then
i think you could have like
a user state in a user data.
But typically, if I'm dealing
with more than one of the thing,
then I make it plural.
And that's just how we talk, so
>> And then the question from earlier,
he clarified, if I have different
repos for the UI, the UI is Angular.
And then the API, which is Node.Js,
would I use Nx for the Angular app?
>> I would say that if
everything is working, fine,
and it's not getting in the way
of your business initiatives.
Then you may not need to do anything.
On the other hand,
I would say that Nx would be a great
candidate to put everything in there.
And I oftentimes will run like Angular and
Node or Angular Node React.
And so answer is,
if it's business as usual and
it's not impeding your ability to
deliver value to your customers,
you could probably stay the course.
But if it is slowing you down or creating
friction and you need to go faster,
absolutely moving those into a single
mono repo is going to speed that up.
>> If I need to make changes
across every data service,
like supporting feature flags and the URL
for version one versus version two,
how would you handle that,
would you use something like inheritance?
>> I love that question so much.
So if you need to make
a cross cutting change,
a across multiple services,
how would you handle that?
Well, ideally,
I would handle that with an interceptor or
some aspect oriented mechanism.
So without understanding
what the actual use case is,
that if you have something that impacts
a large number of things,
try to extract that out.
So you can change that
independently of the thing.
And so it's almost the opposite
of inheritance and
that you're leaning towards extraction.
And so you want to converge on
the things that are the same and
then the things that are different.
Those are the things that
you wanna program towards.
So if you had to make a change
to like all the services,
I would ask myself,
what do I need to change?
Let's say it's the remote endpoint.
Well, I would try to capture
that with an interceptor or
in this case, possibly even
just an environment variable or
some of runtime configuration.
So that the core body of the service
itself stays the same and
the context in the execution
details are handled outside of it.
One of the things that really
bothered me about Angular JS and
even Angular pre-Redux is that You had
services that were not
only responsible for
communicating with a remote endpoint, but
they were also responsible for
managing state.
So I'm gonna go call the service and
when I get it back,
I'm gonna transform it into something and
then I'm gonna save it.
But then if you wanna make a change,
you wanna get something,
you're going to talk to me and I'm gonna
also manage the state for this thing.
And that really,
really bothered me because that's
not a clear separation of concerns.
Anytime you ask yourself, what is this do?
And you're like, well, does this end,
the men who say end, stop, that's a flag.
You're doing probably more than one thing.
And so, if we look at, For
instance, the note service,
Other than,
It has this console log in here.
I don't know where that came from.
But what do we notice about this?
How many lines are each of my functions?
The body is just doing one thing.
And what this allows me
to do is because now
it's separated out from the state portion.
Let's say I wanted to have
a GraphQL endpoint, so
it can totally different
transportation mechanism.
Well, I could create notes,
GraphQL data library,
encapsulate the GraphQL stuff, and
then the state layer doesn't
have to know anything about it.
They just know that I call this thing,
and this is what I get back, and
they are communicating on a contract and
everything is encapsulated.
It took me a long time
to figure that out but
at scale it's very painful
to not figure it out.